This is a rought timeline of in-game events.  This also serves as a storyboard.  Alternate timelines will have different 
text files to represent the changed line.

Event 1 - The Crash
Player starts on a plane;  Audio clip plays alerting the user "One of the engines has blown, we're going down.  Quick, get out."
Dizziness is given to the player and the player has to make their way to the back of the plane, open the hatch, and jump out,
landing in water.  

Event 2 - The shore
Player is presented with a beach and the words "Help Me..." written with stones and a line of blood.  The blood leads to a house
with a village in the distance.  The house contains a note which speaks of horrible experiments that are happening to the 
scientists and that someone needs to stop Dr. Matasan.  The note unlocks the quest line "Discover what experiments Dr. Matasan
is conducting on the scientists."

Event 3 - The Village
The village will contain a few starting items and armor pieces (iron armor?  Iron swrod, etc) and will contain information 
regarding the Phillip J.F. side-quest.  It will also fill the user in a little bit about the back-story of what is on the island.
Will talk about shipments in/out of the port, and if they go to Dr. Zhang or Dr. Matasan.  

Event 4 - The Research Facility
This facility will contain plants, food, and a few monsters.  It will reveal that Dr. Matasan was working to create a super-
food, but abandoned this lab once a better facility was erected further north.  Will contain notes hinting at the location of
the S. Miller Sidequest.  Possibly the Leira's Revenge side quest as well.

Event 5 - The Ziggurat 
While heading north, there will be a large Ziggurat.  Inspection will have the player encountering a fleeing Dr. Zhang.  
She will be screaming "Run, Run!  Get out of here!"  Once out of the Ziggurat, she will tell them that she has summoned a
demon, not on purpose, and she was unable to stop it.  It now wants to summon a greater demon.  She has a suit that could
be used to stop it, but needs a few extra ingredients for it to work fully.  She asks you to meet her in her lab the next day
as she needs to do some calculations, etc.  Gives you instructions with the co-ordinates of her lab.

(continued on Dr_Zhang_Questline.txt)

Event 6 - Dr. Matasan's Facilities
By continuing to travel north, the player will encounter Dr. Matasan's new lab, which is filled with crazy (lycanite) creatures
all in cages, as well as odd potion brewing.  Some poison, some health, and a few zombie spawners.  As the player gets
further into the facility security gets tighter, and signs/navigation becomes more difficulty, until they encounter Dr. 
Matasan, who inquires why they are there.  Ultimately he lets the players know that he's working towards eternal life - but it
is very clear to the players that he is not-all-there.  His skin should be that of a vampire or so...

Matasan gives the players two options - they can help him find ingredients he needs - which will require they travel to
the twilight forest - or they can simply leave.  If they try to release the scientists, he will most likely kill them (he will
require some late-game stuff to kill).  

(continued on Dr_Matasan_Questline.txt)

Event 7 - Create a communication device
Either by scratch, or by finding parts throughout the world, the player will be able to craft a communications device that is 
capable of "calling home."  Exactly 4 in-game hours after the devices is crafted and powered, a message will appear and 
the player will be told they have been rescued.  A different ending will display based on the quests they completed and
the path that they chose.  see the quest lines for possible endings.

