PREQUEL
The year 2012, the tech boom is beginning again, world population is spiraling out of control, and climate change threatens many of the 
best lands for farming.  A group of wealthy donors, in conjunction with a major pharmaceutical company gather a group of the 
brightest scientists and send them to a remote island to do their research in peace (and secrecy).  Their goal is to create a 
superfood that can feed the masses, as well as create an energy source that is more efficient than nuclear without the 
potential for catastrophic failure.  

Overall, the two teams made up 80 of the world's top scientists, each lead by a team leader.  In charge of creating a superfood
was the scientist Dr. Llewyn Matasan.  In charge of energy was Dr. Daiyu Zhāng.

The two teams slowly terraformed the remote island, creating a town, docs, and different research labs.  The abundant resources 
of the island, coupled with some rare and exotic flaura, have lead to some interesting breakthroughs in their research.  

Things were going great until mid 2014 when the parent company was caught engineering and manufacturing bioweapons for terrorist
groups.  The government quickly shut the company down and sold off it's assets.  The remote island operation would have been 
stopped as well, but there was no official record of it, so it remained open.  

Having plenty of food and access to resources, the crews kept on their work, although with a more free spirit, now having no one 
to answer to.  

***
One day, Dr. Matasan discovered that one of his experiments caused regeneration in cells.  He offered some of the elixir to 
his pet and watched as his pet quickly healed it's wounds.  The pet also seemed to require less and less food.   "My goal 
wasn't exactly to feed the world's population, but to keep the world's population alive...  If they eat less...  And regenerate
then that can solve my problem."

Quickly his line of thinking slipped from keeping the world's population alive to keeping himself alive - eternally.

***

Dr. Zhāng 

THE START OF THE GAME - CHAPTER 1



CHAPTER 2




CHAPTER 3




POSSIBLE ENDINGS

