S. Miller's Journal Entry

Day 18

The network was down so I picked up a good old pen-and-paper to jot down my thoughts.  The 
psychologist here says we should keep a journal.  I had a "blog" of sorts, but since our 
network doesn't leave the island, can't say I had many readers, but it was easy.

So yeah, I guess I need to write something here.  Since coming here, I've felt very out
of place.  I figured at first working on some secret project would make me a space 
cowboy, but since coming it's felt far from it.  I mean, I'm a grinner, I'm a lover, 
(and I guess sometimes a sinner) and boy I wish I brought my guitar...



Day 22

Internet down again.  You'd think the groundhogs are getting high on chewing on the wires or something.  
Speaking of groundhogs, they keep digging holes into my den.  I dug a hidden little sanctuary where I 
can get away from all this stuff.  It's not very large, but it's comfortable and gives me
a safe place to chill - if you know what I mean.


-----------
Note to Stacey

Stacey,

Meet me after work in my sanctuary and we can chill.  It's (X distance/Y distance) from base.  I've 
camouflaged the base within the grass, but you're smart, you'll find it.  I'll see you there tonight.
Please don't tell anyone where this spot is, and destroy this note.  Thanks.


------------
Journal Entry from William

Everyone keeps calling me grandfather.  I know I'm old, but no need to be patronizing about it.
All these ungrateful kids make me miss my nieces and nephews.  They were good kids.  I wish I could 
contact them, but our internet doesn't leave the island, and communication has been forbidden.  

One of the locals spoke of a blue phone booth out in (location of tardis) but they didn't seem capable 
of such technology, and the chance of it working are slim.  Only hope is that it was installed by 
a mission group a few years ago...  


-------------
Speech-to-text Begin: Speaker (Phillip J. F.)

... to work.  I can never figure it out.  Oh well.  Either way, guess I'll do this dumb journal thing
later.  I'm not sure why I even have to do it, I know I'm sane.  (another voice, volume too low to 
decipher)  You'd think they brought me here to be a delivery boy.  Since I've gotten here, I haven't
had one chance to do any sort of science.  I haven't planted one plant, or even swirled around a 
beaker.  (another voice, volume too low to decipher)  Well, some of their deliveries, I don't even bring 
the whole way.   Especially the heavy ones.  I just dump them off the coast by the dock and cover them 
with some sand.  I kinda hope they find out and send me home, I don't really like this place anyway...

-------------
Leira's Resignation Letter

Dr. Zhang,

It has been an honor working with you on your team, but the time has come to give my resignation.
I understand that I am not allowed to return home, but that is not my intent.  My work with 
aquatic animals has sparked a desire to live amongst them, so I will be creating an off-shore 
research facility underwater to study how I can transform myself into a sea-faring human.  

I'm going to tell you the location of the facility so that you will not see it as a threat and
in hopes that you will leave me and my research in peace.  The base will be off to the north-east 
of (Name of docks in first area).  

Thank you again for this opportunity.

-Leira Sidney

-----------
(Found in a house, probably in the 2nd village, or something, but not found immediately)
Ever since getting here, I've had a feeling that there are larger forces at play.  The fact
that we can't communicate with the outside world, and that research here keeps getting 
weirder and weirder - this must be the work of the illuminati, and I Jon Bams, will take 
them down.  This mission is like my real-life MadPack.  I will die, quite a bit, but if 
I keep derping the derp-stick, and watering the crops, I'll take down the illuminati.

Should I fail, I hope you will pick up my cause and avenge me.  I've left a storeroom of 
supplies.  They can be found in the (biome) off to the (direction) of (place this note is found).  
There is a triangle of stone.  dig 21 meters down, then 21 meters east.  Good luck, and 
may gooderness be with you.  



